what up girl it's been a while and kids
I bought in a newborn circle and so
here's my my little brothers mini rex on
my bath bottle friend probably for like
around 110 bucks over here two-stroke
little useless still still good so good
I don't know what year it is to be
honest but the kick starter you
the lights were good and I it hauls
pretty good at all like three me and two
other friends part of like a total of
like 350 pounds and I still do the
maximum go all right here I'm about
trying for you guys huh
do some of that pork
go for lower
and I'm I'm like six-foot learning I
still write comfortable
never do another oh hello rag of Olson
with a lot of you go pro camp
for like 50 miles
that one that one
Oh
oh it's a madhouse right here back I'll
share back oh
I went back to the little a little tear
single Cruiser no logo
you gotta go hon this is like
movies I hear it's like like 30 feet
I think Isis even out but it's just
Eva's foot who always says top so you
guys see you better
beep a so this turned off turning off
and let it go down turn off and let it
go down bro just hair off bro alright so
yeah this is a complete fail